if the man you ordered me
no I said rocket launcher palanski
fart
okay so I wondered so what
kind of circumstances where we would have
need saints but good funds but
anyway I still look better
that 's it's robots cookies that's what
what do you do if I asked you
to stay in the kitchen we were bored
what are these pieces I can see
simple you want to explode your
immediately like I'm going fast my name
why am I busy doing it
ok what you have done for me unmasked
to treat the teeth is rather like a
hobby in real life I'm a
spy attention it's top secret you
do not have the other you do not see what I
corner and oops the unicorn that has to
repair it repair it let's come
to be disintegrated by definition can only
not be repaired
it's extremely unpleasant that
that she fabre and she retains her
breathing until you say
yes it was just a toy stop me ok
All right, I'm going to eat that and Christmas at
hot
I have a mission for you to me
report has become an icon in addition
ambushes and fight
who is this summit is cous thierry
do you take care to prevent them from
disturb me
it's not us it's your cousins ​​what
everyone in bed now saves or
two